when we read in the title of the video gta
san andreas
We already know that good things will come.
be a gameplay video of easter eggs
heard of codes or bugs that is the subject
of today's video any of these
things in gta san andreas
It's a lot of fucking and as the title says today
it's just the gta san andreas bug
I separated some pretty fucks and yes more
regulation
Let's go to the best blogs in the game.
this first book you are seeing
he left jay lying down he is very similar
with one bank that I showed in
first video of the series
only there it gets much more distorted and
here he does not even lie down
it's very scrotal
here at this location has a bug that
allowed to walk in the sky if I can
talk like that, right?
You have to have a diet and pec
then I go up to a certain height
After that you can walk face
look at it
now let's take advantage of a buggy
to enter inside a house and this
even let's go
in this location where you are
seeing the map is the house that you enter
You 're welcome, you take advantage of a bug.
that you have on the walls and enter is just
lean and jump on the garage door and
You do not know what's inside.
nothing is good all year round but of any
form is a place where you can explore
the entrance looked at take a picture and
then exit the same way you entered
in an offering to satanic bugs
nobility games
if that was evil imagine this one here
Geez that gets you out of your head.
bug is very fucking and you play with the
character as if nothing had
happening type the mule without head looks
there
in this location here happens to the well
strange and is the following first
pay attention to this size here
corner I'll show you
he is normal like any other in the game
only when you get a certain
distance you will not even see now and
look at him again
look what appears look there saw รณ out
a person and begins to walk out of nowhere and
this is repeated every time you give a
roll and look again roll
It could be a shower.
one responds characters but the little place
weird that they chose to
To answer we have a few things to do.
talk but broadcast the video first if
You like it and think it's worth it.
the video and the channel with the
like your favorite and from the comment
It's very important people follow me on
social networks people on twitter
My fan page where I walk
share some cool things
who finds the internet there things like
That
ae
now ignaz and it was julia it's very fucking so
This is it, I hope you enjoyed it.
tan the fan page on and stay with god
which is the basis of everything I hope the
next channel video spoke and went